Voice recognition technology has come along way, but it is still very error-prone. Often what the person dictates does not match what the person actually wants to type. Here are some examples of text that were captured through voice recognition technology. You will notice that while they are pretty good, there are still many errors. Some errors are grammatical, and other errors our are due to improper recognition. Often commands that are intended to be taken as regular commands are interpretation as dictation. For example, sometimes a user will speak the phrase"Delete last word" and instead of the voice recognition software deleting the last word, the phrase "delete last word" will be verbatim.

This first example shows you how the phrase "delete last word" was typed verbatim. It also shows how punctuation marks such as. And colon we're typed out as words instead of interpreted as the actual punctuation characters.

The second example shows how numbered list's dictated through voice recognition software are often misinterpreted as the numerical words instead of the actual Number characters. Additionally, it shows how Voice recognition software accidentally capitalizes words whenever there is a pause in the dictation. When I am using voice recognition software to dictate text, I often pause to think. That doesn't mean that I wish to end this sentence and start a new one. Rather, it means I just need a moment to catch her breath, and then after that breath I wish to continue that sentence with a lowercase next word.

This third example demonstrates how a user of voice recognition software Will sometimes repeat hey Miss recognized word, phrase, or abbreviation until it is recognized correctly. Sometimes, as in this situation here, the item that they are repeating never gets recognized correctly, and they give up and move on. Here, the abbreviation MHF kept getting Miss recognized.

Hi akash, I realize that it is almost 6 PM Pacific time which means that it is almost 7 AM 7:30 AM India standard time. What this means is that in a few minutes I will be switching over to working with actually on fell droid outcome. I know the time went by fast, and we didn't get a chance to review and work on your résumé and LinkedIn profile yet. Perhaps we can work on those together some other time. I'm getting pretty tired so after my session with actually I will call it a night and go have dinner with my husband and daughter. But I will be available either before your exams or after your exams, which ever Time you prefer. Thank you so much for all of your help with this AI force recognition project.