My student asked me to check for the grammatical errors of the following voice recognition message.
Message:
"""
Hi@ codemuncher code delete last word
I am currently unable to use my hands to type without extreme pain. For the past couple months I couldn't get typing through voice dictation to work in discord. On December 4 famousfigures show me a hack that got it to work on my computer. Basically to enable voice typing I have to show the on screen keyboard. Now I am finally able to communicate my ideas via chat instead of chewing them up in my head for when my hands get better. Thank you for asking and for thinking of me. Pardon any errors due to voice dictation period
This is an example. hey Delete last word
This is a sample colon hey this is example for fixing the inside quotes Akash period

Hi everyone, last night@ sonny showed me a little hack that turns on improved Voice control in discord. The result is:
One. I can now type messages with my voice in discord, like this one. (sidenote colon it's hard to edit those messages when voice Recognition makes mistakes, which means at this point my biggest need has shifted from being able to type anything to wanting improved Voice recognition of message intent Villa and I sia through artificial intelligence)
Two. I have a greater control over the discord user interface see a number labels. I am now using quotation mark show Numbers continuously combined with the show keyboard hack that jump starts the number labels. Overall this represents 1000% improvement in my discord user experience and overall Quality of life. Thank you@ famousfigures Space so much. Truly grateful.

Hey pardon any errors as I am using voice dictation and it's extremely hard to make corrections. It's really good to hear from you Akira! I tira Delete last word 

I have work until 7 PM and then and I'm a trap phone call which may and MH a phone call and MHS phone call which may go Long. Tomorrow is a bit packed to but how about monday? 1 PM next Monday?

I hope you're doing well too! Thinking of you period
"""
I corrected the grammar for him, and removed common errors that is not case-sensitive like "send", "press enter", "period", "delete last word", "space","colon","inside quotes","intent", "parenthesis" and few misplaced "I", "and".
Message without error:
"""
Hi @codemuncher, I am currently unable to use my hands to type without extreme pain. For the past couple of months, I couldn't get typing through voice dictation to work in discord. On December 4, @famousfigures showed me a hack that got it to work on my computer. Basically to enable voice typing I have to show the on-screen keyboard. Now I am finally able to communicate my ideas via chat instead of queueing them up in my head for when my hands get better. Thank you for asking and for thinking of me. Pardon any errors due to voice dictation.
This is an example.
This is a sample: hey this is an example for fixing the "Akash".

Hi everyone, last night @sonny showed me a little hack that turns on improved voice control in Discord. The result is:
1. I can now type messages using voice in Discord, like this one. (Sidenote: it's hard to edit those messages when voice recognition makes mistakes, which means at this point my biggest need has shifted from being able to type anything to wanting improved voice recognition of message intent via artificial intelligence)
2. I have greater control over the Discord user interface by saying the number labels. I am now using "Show Numbers Continuously" combined with the "Show Keyboard" hack that jump-starts the number labels.

Hey, pardon any errors as I am using voice dictation and it's extremely hard to make corrections. It's really good to hear from you Akira!

I have work until 7 PM and then and I'm a trap phone call which may and MH a phone call and MHS phone call which may go Long. Tomorrow is a bit packed too but how about Monday? 1 PM next Monday?
I hope you're doing well too! Thinking of you.
"""
Message:
"""
Hey pardon@ famousfigures sorry for this work. ther are a feq reason. The reasins are colon this is a sample.
 """
Message without errors:
"""
Hey, pardon @famousfigures sorry for this work. There are a few reasons. The reasons are:
This is a sample.
